Friends, in this video we are going to talk
about ICICI LBA General Insurance Limited who has
announced their quarter three numbers.
This video is for educational purposes only.
Talking about BOD and Kam, the
company has only announced the results.  There is
no announcement regarding Spirit Bonus and Dividend.
So friends, you will
definitely make it till the end of this video.  In the end we are going to talk
about the technical analysis of the company.  We are also going to discuss how the company chart is being seen
and along with that we are also going to discuss
where the entry and where the
exit is made, we are also going to discuss this point.
Let's discuss how the company's quarter
3 numbers are looking.
We are getting
to see the data on that in rupees in last,
but we will talk in rupees in crores. If we
talk about the last quarter 3, then the
total income of the company was 5882 crores,
which has increased to 6610 crores this time. If we
talk about the last quarter, then it was 6582 crores,
which has increased to 6610 crores this time. So a
good jump is being seen
on the total income of the company. Let's discuss the
expenses of the company, which are the expenses of the company. If we
talk about expenses, then the
expenses of the company were
5100 crores last year, which have increased to
639 crores this time. If we talk about the last quarter, then it was
around 5800 crores,
which has increased to
639 crores this time. So the expenses are also increasing day by day, just
like the total income of the company is increasing.
Let's discuss.  Let's discuss the company's
net profit or loss after Rahul Just. If we
talk about PAT, then in the last year, the
company's PAT was
seen to be 724 crores, which has fallen to
68.58 crores this time. If we talk about the last quarter, then it was
819 crores, which has fallen to 658 crores this time. So, a
decline is being seen in the net profit of the company. If we
talk about quarterly basis, then a
significant decline is being seen on quarterly basis as well as
a significant decline is being seen on yearly basis. The
company's net
profit comes down to the company's EPS. Let's
discuss how the company's EPS is being seen. It was 63, which has
fallen to 13.25 this time. If we talk about the last quarter, then it was
16.49, which has fallen to 16.25 this time.
So, the company's EPS also
showed the same reflection as the company
's net profit is declining.
So friends, results  Can't see any good ones.  The
results are looking quite bad overall.  Then let us
discuss the
technical analysis of the company.  These are being seen
along with the trading analysis of the company.  Let us
discuss that the
charts that we are seeing are
as a weekly chart.
Talking about the weekly chart,
we are seeing a good support
and a good base is also
seen forming.  If we
talk according to the chart, then a
trend line is visible in the chart.
Talking about this trend line, the market seems to be
taking a good rejection from here.
This rejection is happening again and again and the
market is seen following this trend line here.  Are getting.
This trend line appears to be following one.   If
I see it taking support from this trend line, then
we are seeing a good amount of support from this trend line.
Look, this trend
line is visible.  The
market is seen taking support.
But the market has
also breached this trend line.  The market has
also broken this trend line.  If the
market has to recover from here, then the
market should first come close to this level.
Which is the level we are seeing.
I am talking about this level.  So look, this is
one level that is visible.  This is what I
create a range of.  The market appears to be taking support around this range.
Look, the market seems to be taking support around this level.
If the market
shows any positive candle or some good pattern forming here then
entry is possible here.  But
entry is not possible right now because
a good result came in the market
and the result was bad.  So from here the
market may see a significant further decline.
But here I will make entry
possible only when a
breakout is found around this W pattern.  That breakout
W pattern should also be one that
creates this higher high.  W pattern we we do
n't want this.  We do
not want this W pattern to be formed, nor do we want
this W pattern to be formed.
W pattern we don't want this to happen.
We need the W pattern, this one.
This should be a W pattern that
appears to be forming a higher high.
We can take an entry on the breakout of this W pattern.   That's
when we get to see the W pattern.
And it is not that
we will take entry immediately after the W pattern is formed.  When
someone establishes a market base here.  After forming the base, if we
see a good green candle forming here, then we will take an entry
and this will be the strike SL along with its SL.  If the
market goes below this, we have to
give SL and cut it out.  There is
no consensus on whether we should weight this SL
or deduct the cost price if it comes to cost price.  There is no
one like that.  If SL is gone then the
simple idea is to cut it out.  There should
not be any love feeling towards any stock that
if my loss is high in the stock then
we should cut it or not.  If SL is hit
then exit immediately.  Let's talk about entry, then
entry will be made when support is taken here,
then we have to talk in terms of support, so
entry is possible here when a
base is formed here and a good
positive candle is seen here, then
entry is made and when will a safe trader buy, a
safe trader will buy when a
breakout of this trend line is seen, along with the
breakout of the trend line, we
need an entry above it, when will a safe trader
make that entry, when the entry will be made
above 2031, if you get a closing above 2031 on a daily base
chart, then you
can make an entry, that entry will go
above this, then you will see the first target,
that you will get around 11%.   The
target that is being seen is 2274.
As soon as the
market breaches above this, an all-time high can be
seen.  Talking about all time high, the
market can go up by around 10% from here.  If we
talk about the chart on daily basis, then the company is also
seen giving a good number of rejections here.
So a good amount of rejection is being seen here in the company
and the trend
line has also broken.  If this
market has to survive here, then the market
which has given a breakout of this trend line will have to
fall and
taking support here, it will have to give a good bounce back
and safe traders will
take entry only till the market crosses above this,
I will give you a little correction in this
and here is 6 2050, let's ask for
a breakout above 2050, only then you will make an
entry possible, otherwise it is not possible until the
market closes above 2050
and what can those people who are stuck do, those who are
stuck can
sit comfortably right now because I will
not say any entry here that you should make
any entry purchase or buy here
because there is no recommendation.  As I am
not SEBI registered that I can
tell you that yes buy here,
sell here.  So you
can buy and sell as per your analysis.
So friends, this was the technical view.
If you like this video then do
n't forget to like, comment and subscribe.
See you in the next video with some new
updates.  Bye till then.  Jai
Hind.